happy harvard-yale dunk lost for the
week and we're about to cook it on party
bus hey guys so we made it to Yale we're
staying in the yellow Effie's house
right now which is super cool we had a
wild bus ride down traffic was insane to
us like four hundred hours to get here
almost got into a car accident danced on
a stripper pole was a lot of fun and I'm
really exhausted because I woke up like
6:00 a.m. this morning to work on a
paper but I think we're gonna be okay we
are going to get food now at one of the
yells College like dining halls and then
we're gonna go out so it's gonna be a
wild night and then we're waking a bit
idiom tomorrow morning to tailgate yeah
I brought a pillow and a blanket to
sleep on which hopefully is enough
honestly probably isn't but we'll see
and yeah this is what I'm wearing this
coat and then cropped up because why not
and crimson because represent but subtly
let's go rally
[Music]
Rochelle tea yes yes this our lovely
president Amelia what time did we got
what time did you wake up
[Music]
Larrick your bow is really cute I'm
gonna be really cool this looks so cute
and put together guys look before it
it's actually this Sun makes it so much
better
hello my lovely a fees oh my gosh this
order and the Fanta no the fanny pack
the fanny pack
I almost bequeathed it to grace wait
thingy Hey oh wait matching tattoos I
love it okay yeah wait if I take off the
sunglasses it's better Gothic
architecture maybe it's not half bad
it's kind of well there's like no one
okay amazing no what's up desert no it's
just
how decked out you guys are full Harvard
I love it
[Music]
you just make
touch-ups and Harvard tattoos look at my
cheerleaders guys food actually slaps
[Music]
[Applause]
I'm fine I can bleep in Yale is an
unfriendly group of people yeah
I really went there wait is there
something I could say that's probably
l stays yell stage
[Applause]
yes
[Music]
[Applause]
let's go
[Music]
[Applause]
okay everything's everything's being
widely televised
[Music]
oh yeah and he's literally leading
they're just leading them out they're
not actually arresting them
[Music]
[Applause]